welcome voice activation required door
access denied god of thunder tonight
strongest Avenger tonight let me try
banner welcome strongest Avenger Oh what
[Music]
[Applause]
the goddess of death destroyed your
hammer like a piece of glass
[Applause]
kneel before your queen
the entire universe is in jail
and putting together a team to stop us
made of rocks you don't need to be
afraid unless you're made of scissors I
want to be on the team has a car named
the hero revenge's revenge us because
I'm getting revenge and you're getting
revenge you on revenge and I've decided
I want to see what true power really
looks like
you can't defeat me joy
[Music]
thor ragnarok biggest muscle in the body
i've got lots of muscles so technically
more brains
rated pg-13 now plain everywhere